Add `resource_id` to `azurerm_shared_image_version` (#22006)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/d/shared_image_versions.html.markdown

* `managed_image_id` - The ID of the Managed Image which was the source of this Shared Image Version.

* `name` - The name of the Image Version.

> * `resource_id` - The Azure resource id of the Image Version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `id` - The ID of this Shared Image Version.
```
